DAN: My whole world changed one day
when all these random cards
started raining down everywhere!
At first they seemed harmless enough
so a bunch of us kids
invented this cool new game...
That's when we realized
those cards weren't so harmless after all!
They were packed with incredible powers
from another world!
My name is Dan, and together with my friends,
Runo...
Marucho...
Julie...
Not to mention Mr. Hotshot himself, Shun...
And Alice, we are...
The Bakugan Battle Brawlers!
Bakugan!
One goal... two worlds!
\u266a What are you going to do?
\u266a The odds are stacked against you \u266a
\u266a Back against the wall
\u266a Gotta give it your all...
\u266a Ah ha ah ha
\u266a this is the final stand
\u266a the power's in your hand
\u266a Two worlds collide
\u266a On the inside
\u266a You gotta fight for what's right \u266a
\u266a Before it's gone, gone, gone \u266a
\u266a This is BAKUGAN!
The Bakugan Battle Brawlers in, \"It's A Long Shot\".
[screaming]
Drago...
I wish that... he was...
still here... with...
with us...
Are you going?
I am...
It's my duty as a Battle Brawler to help out Dan.
Well...
it seems we're here...
Are you sure you're ready?
Yes... I'm ready.
I beg you...
please Masquerade...
Please give me strength...
Hmph...
This pathetic human-loving Bakugan
is somehow supposed to save the world?
How ridiculous!
Who did that?
[\u266a]
Wait... isn't that...
I hope you liked the calling card I just sent you.
Not very subtle I admit, but effective don't you think?
I am none other than Masquerade.
Masquerade...!
Alpha...Hydranoid!
Pathetic.
You're a sorry sight compared to the last time we saw you.
I guess it's up to us to help you out of this...
Then... does this mean...
that you'll...
Just this one time.
Thank you...
I wish I could say that we didn't need your help...
but that is not the case.
Will you please help us?
With pleasure.
Naga's underlings I see...
Be prepared cause I will be your next opponent!
Humph!
Listen to the filthy traitor!
And I do so despise traitors...
They're not much I know, but I don't see any point
wasting my stronger Bakugan on the likes of you ...
Hold your fire!
These poor Bakugan are just being used!
Don't worry...
... I'm using my lowest energy level.
Good thinking...
Okay, cover me!
On your mark... get set...
...Go!
Let 'er rip!
Ultimate Dragon!
What?
Huh?
Close, but no CIGAR !
[screaming]
That's gonna leave a mark...
Hydranoid... incoming!
Huh?
Time to teach you a lesson!
Oh come on...
I hope you can do better than that !
Masquerade!
There's no way we can do this separately...
Let's combine our powers - my Pyrus and your Darkus -
and take these jokers out!
Pyrus and Darkus together?
Yeah!
We'll give these guys a battle they won't forget!
Hmph. Count me in.
Ability Card Activate!
Pyrus! Darkus!
Unite!
Ultimate Dragon!
Pyrus Reflector!
What? How the heck did he do that ?
He used the Pyrus Reflector...
It is a Counter Ability that deflects any kind
of Pyrus attributed attack.
If that is the extent of your pathetic human abilities,
then I'm afraid you two are in trouble.
Book it!
Man, those guys are pretty tough...
Even Drago and Hydranoid working together
couldn't defeat them!
Listen to me Dan....
Okay - I'm all ears.
I think...
I may have an idea....
[grunting]
[screaming]
[laughing]
That's it...
Gate Card Set!
Get on!
Ya want some more?
Ability Card Activate!
Dragon Plus!
I think I may have an idea.
When the time's right I'll set up a Third Judgment Gate Card.
How will you know when the time's right?
When Hydranoid and Centorrior are close together,
then you lure Druman in.
The fact is only one Bakugan
can survive the Third Judgment...
and with Hydranoid's superior strength
we'll take down both of them at once.
You're a disgrace to the Darkus name...
Pathetic....
I'll finish you!
Looks like you're a bit tied up !
Good... now pull him over!
Come on now...
quit putting up such a fuss...
My new shoes!
That's a good Bakugan...
Nice work... Hydranoid...
Third Judgment!
Argh! What have you done?
Okay Drago. Now!
This should do it...
Boosted Ultima!
The Third Judgment's been activated.
All the pieces are in place...
Time for the coup de grace...
There can only be one victor...
And so...
Go forth Alpha Hydranoid...
Let those vile creatures receive their just reward!
You will never...
... win against us!
Oh really... ?
Here we go Alpha Hydranoid...
Destroy Vanish!
Say goodbye!
[laughs]
Nice try...
Did you really think it would be that easy?
Eyes of Destruction!
Oh no... What happened to the Destroy Vanish?
Grand Down.
Oh no... They're going after Hydranoid!
Stay away!
Masquerade...
I can't let you do this alone!
Ultimate Dragon!
Pyrus Reflector!
[screaming]
Masquerade!
Stay tuned for more Bakugan Battle Brawlers!
Welcome back to Bakugan Battle Brawlers.
Oh no, Masquerade!
Hmph...Looks like two down and two to go!
Now you've got our undivided attention.
Why you...!
Hm...
But Dan...
Third Judgment is just a cover
and not our real plan of attack.
Huh?
And if I get taken down...
Dan... you have to cut and run.
Come out, come out, wherever you are...
[laughs]
You can run, but you can't hide!
Ultimate Dragon!
Pyrus Reflector!
You can try and try, but your feeble attacks
won't even leave a scratch on me!
[screaming]
Ha!
Havin' a bad DAY over here...!
[screaming]
Impressive, but a waste of time.
[laughter]
Can't... run... any more...
That's as...
far as I can go...
Well, well, well...
have you finally given up trying to avoid your doom...?
Something like that...
I should've expected you to turn tail and run
when things got dangerous.
Humans are such cowardly creatures...
[laughs]
What could you possibly find amusing?
I wasn't running away...
I just needed to get you to stand on the \"x\"
And I intentionally used my weakest attack...
just so that I could bring you here as well.
What?
Now for our real plan of attack.
Let's see who survives this time!
Trident of Doom!
Final Destruction!
Dan... hurry!
Right!
This... isn't... possible...!
[screaming]
What was that?
I could've sworn the shot came from way over there...
The Darkus long-range attack!
You had this planned all along!
Ha! Guess we suckered you guys, huh?
And if I get taken down...
Dan... you have to cut and run. Huh?
You've gotta somehow lure them into a wide,
open area with no obstructions.
Then Hydranoid will take aim and shoot
with his long-range attack.
So then Hydranoid and Masquerade being taken down
was all an act ?
Precisely.
Once that was accomplished, we predicted you would use
a Pyrus attribute to fight me off.
And so to prolong things, I lowered the strength
of my attacks and chased you here!
You two were far too self-absorbed to realize!
We've been tricked!
Let's finish this, Drago!
Ultimate Dragon!
Exceed!
[\u266a]
That oughtta do it!
Well done, Dan.
Thank you Masquerade...
for all your help.
You really saved our bacon!
This doesn't have to be the only time though...
we should get together and do this again sometime!
I already explained to you...
I can't do that - it is not my destiny.
ALICE: No!
Don't go...
Please, we still need your help... Masquerade!
I cannot help you...
That destiny is yours alone.
No, I can't...
not all by myself...
It's just...
I've only begun to learn about Bakugan...
and I still feel so inexperienced...
It all seems too much for me...
You will be fine...
I know you can do it.
But... how?
Don't you know?
It's because I am you , Alice.
But, Masquerade....
And so this is our final farewell.... Dan.
Masquerade...
I am glad that my final battle was alongside you....
I wish you good luck.
Masquerade, wait!
Alice...!
Goodbye forever...
I'll never forget you...
RUNO: Dan!
Hey!
Hey Guys! What's up?
Hey, wait... ... is that...?
It is! It's Alice!
What is she doing in Vestroia?
Alice!
Runo....
Oh, where were you?
I was so worried about you!
[crying]
I'm sorry to make you worry... Runo....
I really must apologize to all of you...
Don't mention it...
after all, we are your friends aren't we... ?
But can someone tell me why Alpha Hydranoid is here?
SHUN: And tell us why he's on our side?
That's because he's my Bakugan now.
Isn't that right... Hydranoid?
From this day forth...
... Alice... I battle with you .
[laughter]
I just realized - Now we have them all!
\"Them all\"? All who ?
Aquos...
... Ventus...
... Pyrus...
... Sub Terra...
... Haos...
...and now Darkus!
As of this moment, we have all six Bakugan attributes!
All six attributes...
Marucho's right!
[laughter]
All right...
This is perfect!
Now we're ready to go take down Naga!
[cheering]
[laughter]
Perfect.
Just as Naga planned.
DAN'S MOM: Hi there Dan, my special little guy...
Are you OK?
How is everything going?
I hope you're minding your manners and remembering
to brush your teeth.
You know Dan, after you left,
all kinds of those \"Bakugan\" thingies appeared
all over the world.
Maybe this is that nasty ol' Naga's doing.
Please come home soon - the world needs your help!
There's no turning back now, Dan,
and I know you'll always do your very best!
Make your mother proud!
Bakugan Brawl!
I think that's how you say it...